hi this is Luke and this is my review of
the griffin survivor case for the iPhone
5 one of the most popular cases for all
iPhone models and I say this is the
iPhone 5 so about popular as it gets
ready for griffin brand before a start
i'll just show you this cutout on the
back it's actually really fiddly to open
so I've left that slightly open just for
the purpose of the review you got off
some nails I don't have any nails so
slightly hard to open up as you can see
so this isn't the type of case you want
if you're just looking to take a quick
photo this is for real protection so
there's this case that comes in three
separate parts on the back you've got
this sort of rock-solid case and then
inside you've got a couple of spongy
pads on that for impact protection
you've then got this front hard section
which has built-in screen protector and
then you've got this really chunky piece
of sort of rubberized material is really
thick as you can see how much bulk that
actually adds to the iPhone but this is
real protection you ain't got cutout
sorry you've got no cutouts
you've got port flaps for everything you
need on the phone so you've got your
audio jack there lightning cable
lightning port in there sorry for your
lightning cable you've then got a button
cover for the whole button port flap
again for your silent switch and then
you've got volume buttons they're pretty
hard to push down through the case it's
so thick so this is one of the most
robust and durable cases you can get as
loads of drop case drop test videos
online but I just throw that on the
table I could do that from really big
surfaces tear off the top of the
building I don't really want to scratch
the case to pieces because obviously the
case would become slightly damaged but
your phone would be absolute perfect if
you want to see that then just give it a
search on any search engine so that is
the griffin survivor it's one of the
bulkiest
but most protective cases for the iPhone
5 certainly one of the most Balki's
cases that I'll review just a top off
comes with a belt clip
which temperatures Oh topping bottle and
it also rotates as well just for however
you prefer to carry it so that's the
griffin survivor case if you liked it
please like this video and don't get
subscribe to my channel for more regular
reviews hints and tips for everything to
do with technology thanks for watching